# Audio File information
The audio played by the NAO with this system is grouped into distinct groups by its contents. These audio files are generated by Amazon Polly.

## Audio Groups
 - DrawIn
   Tries to lure passerbies to come stretch/encourage spectators to engage
 - LeadInitial
   When NAO first begins its turn as leader
 - LeadComment
   Comments/encouragement while leading the movement (i.e. “you’re doing great”)
 - TryNew
   When we switch moves (as opposed to when we first start leading, which is the lead initial)
 - TryRepeat
   I.e. “let’s try that again”; “one more time”
 - FollowInitial
   When NAO first begins its turn as follower, or when we get a new follower
 - FollowComment
   Comments/encouragement while NAO is following the participant
 - SilenceFill
   Non-joke filler comments when things are silent (more generic or asking participant questions)
 - Joke
   All the more memorable joke/puns (must be good follow up to “wanna hear a joke?”)
 - Outtro
   Thanking participants/come back next time/etc


### Standalone Audio
There are also standalone audio files for specific statements
 - wanna_hear_a_joke
 - yes
 - no
 - hello
 - intro

## Audio Voices
We chose two of the Amazon Polly neural voices: 

 - Matt
 - Joanna

## Audio File Naming Structure

### Audio groups
For the audio groups, the naming convention is Type_#_Voicename.mp3 where Type is the category above (with capitalization), the number is just a count for each group, starting with item 0, and the voicename is currently either Matt or Joanna

So, a comment to draw a user in, using Matt’s voice, would look like: DrawIn_0_Matt.mp3

And if we made a second one it would be: DrawIn_1_Matt.mp3

### Standalone audio
For the standalone audio files, the naming structure uses the labels from above as label_Voicename.mp3

So, the hello file with the Matt voice would be: hello_Matt.mp3


## Audio File Generation
The audio files were made using Amazon Polly, for the neural Matt voice and neural Joanna voice.

When generating new audio for Matt, once the file has been downloaded, it must be run through the [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) amplification filter in order to increase the volume to the actual in-data maximum, as this voice is particularly quiet.

If adding more options to an existing audio group, such as adding more jokes, the file must match the naming scheme described above. It must be uploaded to the NAO, and the number of audio options for that group should be updated in the [`app.config`](./Kinect/Kinect/App.config) file in the C# project.


## Audio File Inputs
Below are the text inputs for the existing audio files, based on the group they are part of.


### Standalone
 - intro
   All right. The name of the game is, you try to match my movements, and then I'll try to match yours
 - hello
   hello!
 - yes
   yes
 - no
   no
 - wanna_hear_a_joke
   Wanna hear a joke?


### DrawIn
 - DrawIn_0
   Hey you, come stretch with me. I need to shake off some rust
 - DrawIn_1
   Hey Who wants to play a little mir rer game
 - DrawIn_2
   Any one out there want to show me some moves?
 - DrawIn_3
   Hey Everyone! Let’s do some stretching!

### LeadInitial
 - LeadInitial_0
   All right, ready to follow my moves?

### LeadComment
 - LeadComment_0
   Did somebody say mee ow? cuz you are quite the copycat!
 - LeadComment_1
   I’ll keep count, I’m basically a talking calculaytur
 - LeadComment_2
   great job!
 - LeadComment_3
   You can do this!
 - LeadComment_4
   You’re crushing this

### TryNew
 - TryNew_0:
   Alright everyone, let’s switch it up and try this move
 - TryNew_1:
   Keep it going! Can you follow this move?
 - TryNew_2:
   Now let’s try this!
 - TryNew_3:
   Awesome! What about this one?
 - TryNew_4:
   Okay, now match this one
 - TryNew_5:
   Great job! How about this one?
 - TryNew_6:
   Sweet, now try this!
 - TryNew_7:
   How about this next?

### TryRepeat
 - TryRepeat_0:
   Great job, let’s do that move again
 - TryRepeat_1:
   Awesome! Keep going with that one
 - TryRepeat_2:
   Alright, let’s repeat that one
 - TryRepeat_3:
   One more time!
 - TryRepeat_4:
   We’re gonna keep doing this move
 - TryRepeat_5:
   Let’s keep crushing this move!

### FollowInitial
 - FollowInitial_0:
   How about, you do some moves and I'll follow for awhile
 - FollowInitial_1:
   show me what you got!

### FollowComment
 - FollowComment_0
   I lost my oil can, so my joints are pretty stiff
 - FollowComment_1
   now you're getting warmed up!
 - FollowComment_2
   Show me a cool move?
 - FollowComment_3
   Now you’re making me work for it!
 - FollowComment_4
   Stretching with you is really fun

### SilenceFill
 - SilenceFIll_0
   Normally the only stretching I do is to get the last slice of pizza
 - SilenceFIll_1
   What’s your favorite exercise music. Mine is heavy metal. 
 - SilenceFIll_2
   I have to work a lot harder to be this nimble. Ya know, since I am made of metal and all
 - SilenceFIll_3
   Feels so good to move!
 - SilenceFill_4
   hmmm, does anyone have a good joke to share?

### Joke
 - Joke_0
   The sergeant asked, “Corporal, why did you salute that zebra.” The corporal replied, “Didn’t you see all his stripes?”
 - Joke_1
   did you hear about the air force pilot who tried his hand at stand up comedy? he bombed dit.
 - Joke_2
   What is a ghost’s favorite exercise? Deadlifts!
 - Joke_3
   I signed up for a gym membership, but all i’ve lost so far is $500
 - Joke_4
   My physical therapist asked me if I could touch my toes, I said it was a bit of a stretch


### Outtro
 - Outtro_0
   Thanks for stretching with me, I can be such a lazy bucket of bolts
 - Outtro_1
   that felt like W D forty to my joints. Thanks for that!
 - Outtro_2
   stay limber and come back next time! that was fun

